Exceptional fiberglass reproduction of the famous Herreshoff Fish Class designed by Nathanial Herreshoff.  In March 2010, she was taken to the Hinkley Yacht Company's top painter in Southwest Harbor Maine, where the hull was professionally stripped from the mahoganygunwale/shearstrake, all the way to the bottom of the keel.  She was sprayed with a yacht blue Awlgrip 2-part paint, white Awlgrip boot stripe/water line, and below the water line, she was given four coats of Interlux Interprotect barrier coat.  No expense was spared.  As you can see from the photographs, she has a beautiful mahogany hatch, cockpit coamings, cabin doors, shear strake and trim.  Fitted nicely into her deck are two deck prisms to provide ample natural daylight to her cozy cabin.  Down below she is fitted with a Weems and Plath Brass Kerosene lamp, teak book shelf, cabinetry and hanging locker.  Below the V berth is a 2004 portable head.
She is fitted with a Yanmar 10 HP Diesel that was refurbished in 2004.
Her sitka spruce spars have been professionally varnished and maintained.  Her main sail (with 2 reef points) and club-foot jib were new in 2001 by North Sails, and are in crisp, white, excellent condition.  She has green sail covers for both main and jib.  All cleats and blocks are bronze and of top quality.
Her instrumentation consists of a Standard Depth Sounder and Compass, and are mounted on a hinged mahogany bracket that swings out of the way when not in use.  Her bilge is fitted with an automatic pump and float switch.  She also has a manual Whaler Bailer bilge pump.
She comes with a well balanced, custom fitted Triad Trailer with hydraulic surge brakes that were rebuilt in March 2010.  The trailer is in excellent condition.
Although she has been stored indoors winters, she comes with a custom fitter Fairclough vented canvas cover and frame.  Interior and custom cockpit cushions are light green and in very nice condition. 
Should you have any questions, or wish to view her, feel free to contact me in western Massachusetts at 413-335-6402, or e-mail  HYPERLINK "mailto:tazmanian_tigger@msn.com" \t "_blank" tazmanian_tigger@msn.com. 

